Home
Free Consult Call
Credit Builders
Funding
Pricing
Contact Us

Fix Your Credit Now
Schedule Your FREE Consultation Call Below ($99.95 value)

Our 3-step process for saving is very simple!

STEP 1
GET PLAN
Take a couple minutes to answer our questions and we´ll send you a free credit blueprint. From here you have a plan.

 


STEP 2
TAKE ACTION
Once you have a plan, you can start to fix your credit! 

 

STEP 3
GET RESULTS
After repairing your credit you will see the financial savings INSTANTLY!



The Best Services of the World You Find here.

The three major credit reporting agencies are Equifax, Experian and Transunion.  These are multi-million dollar corporations that operate for profit.  They are not affiliated with the government in any way.  They make their money by selling your personal information to creditors for credit and insurance offers.  They also sell your information to employers and landlords but worst of all, they sell your private personal information to telemarketers and mailing list companies without your permission.  The point we are trying to make is that these big corporations do not have your best interest in mind.  They will admit that errors exist on credit bureaus, but they go on to state that it is not their job to ensure the information is accurate.  It is up to you, the consumer, to prove that your report is inaccurate.



We Are Awesome At Our Work
You're approved.  After our award-winning service, our customers were more eligible for the credit they deserved.

73%
Approved Home Loans

78%
Approved Auto Loans

88%
Approved New Credit

76%
Approved Refiance 


Testimonials
Our members tell the story for us! Read below as some of our members share their experience with us!


David Smith
Contractor
"I was skeptical at first, only because i've paid for services in the past and they were a total rip off! In the first 45 days I had things falling off! They are the real deal! Thanks TC Credit!"


Mary Jane
Mompreneur
"Very smooth process! I uploaded my documents and they were working on my credit within 24 hours!"


John Carrey
Business Owner
"They got my student loans and repo off! Man o Man i can't thank TC Credit enough!!! I love you guys! Thanks for putting up with my impatience at times haha."

Pricing
Single
To Get Started
$999
Then $150 a month

Full Credit Repair DFY by our team
(results typicallly within 30-60 days)



Access to
TC Credit

Access to Member Benefits

Couples
To Get Started
$1499
Then $225 a month

Full Credit Repair DFY by our team

(results typicallly within 30-60 days)

Access to
TC Credit Membership

Access to Member Benefits
VIP

To Get Started
$2999
Then $325 a month

Full Credit Repair DFY by our team
(results typicallly within 30-60 days)

Access to Owner
Access to Member Benefits

Credit Education

Explore the world of credit. From our easy-to-read credit tips, to our engaging step-by-step tutorials, you will discover a wealth of interesting information you can put to use today.
Recovering From Hard Times
It can be hard to face your credit after a period of financial difficulty, but there is nothing more important. Take the first step and you will discover that progress can be quick – and very satisfying! Our credit repair program offers an intelligent way to clean up errors, build new accounts, and get your reports in great shape.
Chat with us on Facebook!


Member Benefits

Secured Portal

Travel Deals

Bill Negiotator

Education
How can we help?

Take The First Steps
Consulting services starts with education. We help you understand the unfair and inaccurate items on your reports and how to dispute them.


Keys To A Good Credit Score

How bills are paid
New credit applications
Age/length of established accounts
Mix of credit accounts
Amounts owed vs. available credit lines


A Credit Score Is?

Numerical value between 300-850
Number that sums up your credit report and risk to a lender
The higher the credit score, the less risk
Less risk = best loan terms and interest rates


What Lowers a Score?

Late Payments
Maxed out credit cards (low capacity)
Closing Credit Accounts
Collection Items
More Revolving Debt vs. Installment Debt
Bankruptcy
New Accounts
Several Credit Inquiries
Sub Prime Lenders
Cosigning


What's Credit Report Timeline?

Updated every 30 days
Positive Info: Indefinitely
Bankruptcies: 7 – 10 years
Public Records: 7 years
Inquiries: 2 years
Inactive/closed: Cycle off


Why Is A Good Credit Score Important?
Leverage
Better Loan Terms
Home Purchases
Employment
Car Insurance
Apartment
Cell Phones Utilites
Contact Us
Have a question or concern? 
Name
Your Email
Phone
Subject
Your Message
SEND
We are not financial advisors or accountants, please do your own due diligence. 
Our mission at TC Credit Solutions is to provide our clients with the best results so they can live confidently knowing their credit has been REPAIRED!

We are dedicated to credit repair. It's all we do. We do NOT cross-sell other products.
Your time with us will be focused solely on helping you reach your credit goals. 

Bad credit means higher interest rates and higher insurance premiums and all that adds up over the years. Bad credit can hold you back from achieving major life goals like buying a house, going back to school, taking a dream vacation, or even retiring on schedule.

Everyone deserves GREAT CREDIT. Let us help you achieve that GOAL. Give us a call today.
CONTACT US: info@tccreditsolutions.com 
1-800-674-8508 
364 E. Main Street Suite 1651 Middletown, DE 19709 
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Disclaimer
HOURS OF OPERATION:
Monday-Friday 10:00-7:00 pm est 
Saturday 10:00-2:00 pm est
Closed-Sunday 

Cookies & Privacy
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. More information

Accept Cookies